why people please beat you kids I'll
tell you why else because when I was
growing up right I grew up around a lot
of black people which was fine because
the black people never picked on white
kids not so friendly back there but
every now and then a white kid would
come and hang out with us and we like
wow well white kid I've heard so much
about you and yours where the problem is
is when we would start taking that white
kids advice on how to deal with our
parents that'll get you friggin murdered
man I remember hanging around there's
one little white boy Ryan when I was 10
years old I went to his house after
school one day right his parents never
beat him and they never even yelled at
him he could do anything he wanted and
nothing was gonna happen to him but he
was an angry kid who walked into his
house after school and his mom goes Ryan
go clean your room fuck you bitch
his mom goes what am I gonna do with him
I could run you can't talk to your mom
like that
yes I can she's a jackass don't say that
man she'll hit you no she won't
she's not allowed to
the hell are you talking about man my
parents hate me yeah well next time they
try it you tell them to fuck off
are you sure trust me it works for me so
I went home for the last time I walked
in the house my dad goes but also come
and do the dishes what the hell did you
say to me do I look like Ryan's mom
somebody gonna get a hurt real bad that
was my dad's threat right before he beat
me every single time wait
so somebody gonna get a hurt real bad
somebody I'm not gonna say I think you
might know him anyway I'm in the back
frame hope it's my brother man
I saw that little brat Ryan at school a
few days I was like yo your little plan
almost got me killed he goes oh sorry
dude I forgot to tell you the other part
if he's still gonna hit you threaten to
phone Children's Aid why because if you
phone Children's Aid they'll come and
take your dad away and he'll get in
trouble you won't even have to call just
pretend it'll scare the crap out of it
ten years old you figure out how to
scare the crap out of here dad that's
like finding kryptonite I thought I'd
try it I was about to get my next
beating I stopped my dad I go don't do
it I'll phone Children's Aid you ever
had your parents call your bluff
we'll do what
our phone Children's Aid is that right
well let me get you the phone tough guy
what are you doing if I for children say
you'll get in trouble
I might get into a little bit of problem
but I know that it's going to take them
23 minutes to get here in that time
somebody gonna get hurt